this is a phone charging station set up
by local people to help a community
shuttered by War Israel cut off
electricity to Gaza at the start of its
military
operation people are frantically looking
for ways to charge their mobile phones
they walk long distances to reach this
place where car batteries are used as
Chargers a moment of huge relief for
distraught families as their phone
screens come back back to life they've
been waiting for words from their loved
ones as Israeli warplanes destroy entire
neighborhoods I arrived here at 10:00
a.m. and I will stay till 12: midnight
waiting to charge four batteries and
some mobiles sometimes I bring with me
my neighbor's phones to charge I do this
every day I swear to God I had a hard
time to do this every day sometimes I
need the help of my relatives friends
and
[Music]
neighbors as the War intensifies and
casualties Mount people turn to their
phones for the latest news and to find
out if their relatives are still alive
dozens of thousands have led their homes
they have no idea where they may end up
nor how long they may be away from their
homes but for now their biggest concern
is staying in touch with family
members there's no electricity as you
know luckily the Palestinian red
Christan has provided generators to
charge devices I brought my phone my
family's phones and the phones of the
many people I host at
home once the phones are charged they
start ringing non-stop thousands of
kilometers away Palestinians who came
from Gaza are anxious they're constantly
on their phones trying to find out if
their loved ones are
safe we put ourselves in dangerous
situation just just to charge our phones
but we don't care and we don't fear that
because we are already in a situation
where we can die at any moment we walk
long distances but we have to take risk
to charge our phones for now local
charities are using the last fuel they
have or solar panels to power these
charging stations and with no sign of
any end to Israel's bombing people are
anxious to quickly connect to their cell
phone networks to reassure relatives
everything is fine for now hash Al jazer